Today I had one of the smoothest goddamn unprotected lefts in the history of autonomous driving. The curve navigates a left-right S curve and slides into the middle turning lane. It slowed slightly as it finished the right and got ready to turn left onto a side street. There was much oncoming traffic, including 3 or 4 cars that passed us while the car was in still moving forward on the turning lane. But there was just enough of a gap for FSD. It quickly stopped slowing and simply cruised through the gap and completed the turn. It was a thing it beauty.,
Nice post! I agree, we're privileged to live in these times. Can you describe a few instances of how it tried to kill you though? Did it pull into oncoming traffic? Veer off the road? We don't get to see much of that in the youtube videos people post.,
I’m also an engineer. However I also trained to be a pilot. FSD is like a copilot, that will dive your plane to the ground for no reason — usually about the time you want to excuse yourself from the cockpit to take a piss. So for me, FSD is great, if I liked to add extra loads to my pants.,
lol I feel you, I turned my fsd off I decided im just going to wait for the next update 10.6 this one has too many bugs.Just plain old fashioned autopilot works well for me now.,
Would love to know how much city is saving in fuel.   Great use case, assuming they can get 200k miles out of them.,
Our local police runs a fleet of Model X Teslas,
[I saw this story earlier this year where a city bought a Model 3 to gain some insight over whether or not it would have a lower cost of ownership than their fleet of Chargers](https://cleantechnica.com/2020/11/29/tesla-model-3-police-car-vs-dodge-charger-police-car-nearly-7000-in-savings-in-one-year/). 


I think they intended to look at this for 3 years. The Model 3 cost about $7k more than the Charger, but the operational savings in Year 1 was more than that. I suspect given the rapid acceleration and low cost of the Model 3, we'll start to see many more agencies getting them.,
Think of all the fuel saved not having the car running/idling all the damn time!,
Robocop. 🦾,
Gonna be a fat ticket to pay for that model 3,
Traitor!,
Charging trip after every 4th traffic stop.,
Hope that dog killing efficiency doesn’t increase,
Why the hell is this reversed?,
I call this the butt tuck. I swear my model 3 did it once at a traffic light when someone came up behind me too quickly.,
The driver assistance and safety features are **far** more extensive than I've ever seen publicized. When I was rear-ended on the freeway the car took over, prevented me from spinning out, and brought itself to a comfortable stop in the shoulder before dying completely. It doesn't surprise me that it can make emergency maneuvers to avoid being side-swiped.,
MY Y once accelerated and veered left when an a dump truck was coming into my lane (before I even realized it).,
Ugly mustang 😂😂,
The current FSD notes says:

\- Enabled "emergency collision avoidance maneuvering" in shadow mode

So they will be able to actively avoid many collisions in the future. 

(Shadow mode means the software runs but doesn't have actual control of the car yet. It allows them to analyze exactly how the software reacts in real world situations so they can debug and refine it before releasing it to the public.),
Pretty sure Tesla’s have collision avoidance by using instant acceleration. Feel like I’ve seen a few videos of it in action online,
Where you in Autopilot/FSD?,
I've had the exact same thing happen to me before on a highway where there was roadwork being done. Came up on the car infront, but had plenty of room because I use 7 car gap for AP (with 7 car gap because it actually uses regenerative braking instead of the brakes I've found). As I slowed, I heard the screeches behind,  as I looked behind my car zoomed forward. I wasn't 100% sure if it was AP or if I had hit it subconsciously, but I don't normally have my foot near the accelerator when AP is on.,
Was stopped at a red light, feet off both pedals by the seat, listening to music and waiting for it to turn green. Car behind me had a delayed stop, was about to ram the back of me. My Model Y flung forward, slamming my head to the headrest, and prevented damage.,
You’re still a little too emotional about this to be posting online lmao,
A Mustang that was about to hit you.,
[deleted],
the person in the drivers seat,
You did this subconsciously,
Check your safety settings. There is acceleration accident avoidance.,
Woah,
Its called Move-E.,
Protocol 3: Protect the pilot,
Is this with Autopilot engaged? Does a self-preservation maneuver like this require Autopilot hardware? Just curious, thanks.,
So is this autopilot and or normal for all Tesla?,
Mustangs aren't ugly!,
Obstacle Aware Acceleration. It's in the safety options, enabled for most of us.,
I actually don't blame the driver, he's unloading deliveries to his stores loading dock. I blame whoever designed this location.,
Ya dont blame the trucker, hes just doing his job. Even without the chargers there it looks like a difficult delivery for him.

Its just an unfortunate location for all.,
He’s cold as ICE!!!,
Been to this location. Fairly new but its very tight. There are few more stalls on the other side of the truck I believe,
It's a bit hard to fault the truck driver here. That location should not be getting deliveries in a semi to begin with, there's just no where for them to park it.,
Wondering if the back was blocked or something.

Pretty sure this is all kind of "Nope" from a truck driving standpoint.

[Charger in question](https://www.plugshare.com/location/325499), not shown is that there's another bank of chargers on the other side.

Still bad, but there are also still chargers there.,
Definitely not the drivers fault, he’s doing his job, it’s the fault of the engineers who designed this lot and chargers,
There are a few more chargers on another side.,
Is there a “How’s my Driving” sticker on the back?,
[northlake supercharger](https://imgur.com/a/YNgDei7),
It looks like he's blocking all traffic, so you're safe to backup slightly onto that sidewalk, and get access to that end charger,
Delivery to the front door? No loading dock in back?,
Just pull up to the one in front and block him in.,
I would back into the boardwalk and just charge the car that way,
wait untill people in cybertrucks an semis start blocking gas stations,
Lazy driver. There's surely a loading dock somewhere at this plaza, he just doesn't want to cart the goods.,
Is he moving, or parked?  It's a commercial truck, I'd definitely report that.,
I’m planning on doing the same thing. Couple questions..if you choose a loan term less than 65 months (was planning on 48) do you still get the low rate? Or is it just for 65 months? And did you have the check mailed to the Tesla site nearest you? Or another one? Thanks for the info!,
I really can’t decide if the direct deposit shenanigans is worth farting around with for the .5% discount. I love the idea of a super low cost of a loan but…. Ugh. Anyone do this by just auto-transferring your pay out to the bank you actually use?,
Mine was declined and there's never been an explanation. My partner and I both of \~800 credit scores. Hardly any debt except for our mortgage and yet DCU rejected the application. No reason. BoA, however, gave us 2% for 72 months without batting an eye. So I guess we're ok. Pick up is Friday!!!,
Second DCU - happy to refer anyone.  Also recently went through this process :),
Great thread and detail! I already became a DCU member and set up DD ages ago while waiting for an X, but all very handy details. Thanks for the write up!,
If you do not mind me asking, what was your credit score and down payment like for such an attractive loan?,
Thank you!! Have a delivery scheduled for next month and this will save me a good chunk of money!,
What is DCU ?,
Opening an account with them to do this? Yikes.,
Anyone done this with refinancing an existing loan? I have about 48 months left on my 2020 LR3.,
Wtf Is a dcu? Stop using fucking acronyms,
